# IS370 - W8 - Final Project: Create Your Own Application

**Due**: January 16, 2024 [#36](https://github.com/greysk/coursework/issues/36)

(IS370_ThomasW8FinalProject)

## [Directions](https://content.grantham.edu/academics/GU_IS370/W8FinalProject.htm)

Using the concepts learned over the past 8 weeks, create an application on any topic you wish with at least 4 views (Home, About, Contact, etc). The application should include the use of:

- at least 1 controller (wk 2)
- Correct routing (wk 2)
- 4 views (wks 2-6)
- 1 or more models (wk 4)
- A loop (wk5)
- Wwwroot assets including an image and stylesheet for background color and font (feel free to add other enhancements) (wk6)
- Navigation to each view on all pages (wk7)

Write a short paragraph on your experience creating your application. If you use something new, describe how you did it. Comment on any issues experienced and how you resolved them.

Zip your project for submission. Include screenshots of each page in localhost as well as the code used for the cshtml for each and _Layout. Be sure timestamp, document with the write up, and requested screenshots are included in the submission. Do not zip the write up with project. Assignments will receive a final grade of 0 if anything is missing so please double check before hitting submit and confirm with your instructor if in doubt. These will be large uploads so be patient before navigating away from the submission area.

[View your assignment rubric.](https://content.grantham.edu/Academics/01_Instructional_Designers/writtenassignmentrubric.htm)
